whiteboard-challenges/README.md, before:

# Challenges and Data Structures

This repository contains my whiteboard solutions for the assigned challenges in Full-Stack JavaScript.

---

## Challenge A: Array Reversal

### Description
We need to create a function that takes an array of numbers and returns a new array with the numbers in reverse order.  
We are not allowed to use built-in methods like `reverse()`.

Example:  
Input → [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]  
Output → [5, 4, 3, 2, 1]

### Whiteboard
![Array Reversal Whiteboard](array-reversal-image.png)

-------------------------------------

## Challenge B: Most Frequent Number

### Description
We need to create a function that takes an array of numbers and returns the number that appears the most.  
If two or more numbers have the same highest frequency, return the first number found.

Example:  
Input → [1, 1, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 1, 1]  
Output → 1

### Whiteboard
![Most Frequent Number Whiteboard](most-frequent-number-image.png)

-------------------------------------
## Challenge 01: Minimum Value

### Description  
We need to create a function that takes an array of integers and returns the smallest number.  
We are not allowed to use any built-in functions like `Math.min()` or `sort()`.

---

### Example  
Input → [5, 1, 7, -3, 10]  
Output → -3

---

### Whiteboard  
![Minimum Value Whiteboard](minimum-value.png)


-------------------------------------
## Challenge 03: Reverse Characters

### Description  
We need to create a function that takes a string and returns the reversed version of that string.  
We are not allowed to use any built-in methods like `.reverse()`.

---

### Example  
Input → "javascript"  
Output → "tpircsavaj"

---

### Whiteboard  
![Reverse Characters Whiteboard](reverse-characters.png)

Commit message:

Add Challenge 04 - Remove Middle Value

whiteboard-challenges/README.md, after:

# Challenges and Data Structures

This repository contains my whiteboard solutions for the assigned challenges in Full-Stack JavaScript.

---

## Challenge A: Array Reversal

### Description
We need to create a function that takes an array of numbers and returns a new array with the numbers in reverse order.  
We are not allowed to use built-in methods like `reverse()`.

Example:  
Input → [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]  
Output → [5, 4, 3, 2, 1]

### Whiteboard
![Array Reversal Whiteboard](array-reversal-image.png)

-------------------------------------

## Challenge B: Most Frequent Number

### Description
We need to create a function that takes an array of numbers and returns the number that appears the most.  
If two or more numbers have the same highest frequency, return the first number found.

Example:  
Input → [1, 1, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 1, 1]  
Output → 1

### Whiteboard
![Most Frequent Number Whiteboard](most-frequent-number-image.png)

-----------------------------------------
## Challenge 01: Minimum Value

### Description  
We need to create a function that takes an array of integers and returns the smallest number.  
We are not allowed to use any built-in functions like `Math.min()` or `sort()`.

---

### Example  
Input → [5, 1, 7, -3, 10]  
Output → -3

---

### Whiteboard  
![Minimum Value Whiteboard](minimum-value.png)


-------------------------------------
## Challenge 03: Reverse Characters

### Description  
We need to create a function that takes a string and returns the reversed version of that string.  
We are not allowed to use any built-in methods like `.reverse()`.

---

### Example  
Input → "javascript"  
Output → "tpircsavaj"

---

### Whiteboard  
![Reverse Characters Whiteboard](reverse-characters.png)

-----------------------------------------
## Challenge 04: Remove Middle Value

### Description  
We need to create a function that takes an array and removes the value at the middle index.  
We are not allowed to use any built-in methods like `splice()` or `slice()`.

---

### Example  
Input → [7, 9, 13, 25, 5, 17]  
Output → [7, 9, 13, 5, 17]

---

### Whiteboard  
![Remove Middle Value Whiteboard](remove-middle%20value.png)
